docs: Fix the broken links in the documents (#11477)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/intro/sdk-app-architecture.md

## ABCI

> Tendermint passes transactions to the application through an interface called the [ABCI](https://docs.tendermint.com/master/spec/abci/), which the application must implement.

Reviewer: Can you use a commit here instead of master?

Reviewer: nvm, my mistake.

> Tendermint passes transactions to the application through an interface called the [ABCI](https://docs.tendermint.com/master/spec/abci/), which the application must implement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tendermint passes transactions to the application through an interface called the [ABCI](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/blob/26ee62aa52e34c2202becd54b365843fb9eda88d/spec/abci), which the application must implement.
```
